you can't even see the liquid in that
picture
oh my gosh we're idiots how you gonna do
it out I don't know look at the
screening look at the live wallpaper too
Wow cold bud oh I know here your car too
let's dump it again it's nice is fast
what everybody yeah I put in with a game
on here let's uh let's cool down the GPU
that technically move this back up oh
Oh shoe that cracking Oh doesn't
get a crack on the side oh no way I'll
hear cracked right there catch top dude
don't damn it man it's just that you
just dropped in an Ellen to you really
care about me slamming it what the
screams all messed up now no it's the
works heat oh yeah we'll see Avis do you
or not it's bandung know what's going
back okay i want to say it's bandung
well Elise it works but except for the
fact that you cracked the housing maybe
were like I go to Google in that
exchange in you are you going to be
quite a lot so yeah this means we're not
forcing us know you never know we'll go
do it after we both ate all we'll just
edit it now recommend of it no but
the live wallpapers still moving soon I
can't think it's still too cold for it
to uh dude blowing out is just going to
cause it to like frickin Fargo still
like frozen one thing the ipod worked
even oils frozen yeah yeah an ipod touch
work well i was just dropped my phone
over psyched did she does on 2 that's
all my wasted ln2 don't we step coming
to you yeah we to put more me or
something dude that
I think the screen freezes minted but
did screen crack the goals and it lost a
lot of color really fast no yeah it's
the Technicolor clipping there in like
dark okay let's um let's warm up do you
saw that no from a distance from this
nobody got all about stupid from a
distance just like you would oh
don't destroy is the under warranty let
me don't destroy guys for free hey
sweetie okay with the Nexus no you can't
download it just don't you know what now
it's got the UM it's going better so no
no the screen lifting now you know how
it said he stood on sir yeah its
adhesive don't do it don't do it don't
destroy i might add it wrong go google
and change it we can't even press the
button right oh there it is you let it
you down yeah i think it's literally
been chilled hi i am Rham some
hanky-panky listen koi koi if you found
this please keep it but what he found
this please keep it but returned my dear
to me and I will get you password to
unlock this device thanks even give them
your email address yeah so I tell them
what to do to get my data back in pretty
sure it's not going to care because I
know I wouldn't do a house that laser
thermometer yes let's shoot it try I see
how cold
looks like our negative negative 23